chore(design-system): deprecate Button.Icon and Toggle (#3657)
Talend/ui: packages/design-system/src/components/Button/docs/Button.stories.mdx

#### Icon button

<InlineMessage.Warning
	withBackground

> 	description="This component will be replaced in the next major version."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description="This component's API will be reworked in the next major version."
```
